you
you might go get some water okay let's
go up to a cart and get some water 128
run let's go get some water fun fun
first there's our heart let's go get
some more nerd come on you wanna race
ball Murray's never ready ok are you
tired tell me if you're tired are you
tired are you just faking
good job honey you did it what's it
yellow fruit yay one more yay
can you count the bananas
and wash according take shots for in
this case still image I'd like to fact
that the recording and they're still
shot the two buns are in the same place
or so while recording I can take a shot
where you going honey come back here
come back here show daddy what you have
so as you can see i'm recording but i
don't want to miss them like that
precious moment or what whatever and be
able to take a quick shot can you say
flower you ready to go are you ready for
dad to take you out ok